no you hang up first no you uh yeah no
guys Cheswick Brander snuff just asked
me out on a date the wealthy New York
Industrial has you lucky I know
he's taking me to the velvet debutante
gala tonight at six o'clock uh Sarah
that's in five minutes my god you're
right what do I do
makeover montage
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah come on sorry you know how this
works and I try on ten more gowns okay I
know but this is the only gown that I
own and no no no no you try in a series
of gowns we don't like then when we see
when we do like we not approvingly and
you hop up and down
makeover montage I know how a makeover
montage works apparently not who owns
ten gowns packet ladies ladies we are
not gonna let one little hiccup roon
Sarah's date are we now let's continue
our makeover montage
you
[Music]
oh god damn it we suck at montages can't
imagine what we did wrong I know we hit
all the main beats you should be
beautiful by now instead of hideous we
own this castles don't tell me how to
montage bitch wait what if we're just
not done with our makeover montage
you
[Music]
wait guys this is a wrong type of
montage isn't it what are you talking
about finally ready to fight Apollo
Creed
yeah that's wrong raagh yeah guys I'm
gonna be the laughingstock of The Velvet
debutante gal never say that sara is
that you oh my god
Cheswick I can explain no need you see
I've had some montage problems of my own
you are you - I was I love you
[Music]